I don't advise you to get out of here
Little brother, can you do it?
No, get out of the way
Don't get in the way of Dr. Zhang
It's Dr. Zhang, who is the genius doctor in this area
If you have self-awareness
Get out
Did you hear the boy?
Ouch, it's not 2 o'clock yet.
Then let's discuss whether you still have medical ethics
My grandfather has become like this
You still want to negotiate the price with me.
Ouch, you have to figure it out?
I'm the only one who can save your grandfather now
Give me your youth
Trust my grandpa and delay
useful
What are you doing?
If you want to see a doctor, don't touch our dog.
You are deaf
Boss I warn you
If my grandfather's illness is delayed because of you
There is no king in my Zhao village
Tingting, you're alright